---
title: Home
navigation: false
layout: page
main:
  fluid: false
---

:ellipsis{right=0px width=75% blur=150px}

::block-hero
---
cta:
  - Get started
  - /introduction/getting-started
secondary:
  - Open on GitHub →
  - https://github.com/ahmedragab20/very-good-fetch
---

#title
✨ <br > A Very Good Fetch API

#description
Elevate your coding experience by supercharging the native fetch() API! Unlock unprecedented flexibility and harness the power of modular functionalities to effortlessly tackle complex tasks with just a glance.

#extra
  ::list
  - Works with any JS runtime
  - Powerful Configurations system
  - Tree shakable
  - Interceptors, a powerful way to intercept and modify your requests, responses, and errors in a simple way
  - Modules, serve as powerful utility classes offering specialized behaviors with ease
  - Caching, simple caching system to help you optimize the performance of your Api request/endpoint
  - TS Support, The library is fully written in typescript, adding to that, with the help of JSDocs, you can understand what each method and property exactly does and how to use it.
  ::

#support
  ::terminal
  ---
  content:
  - npm i very-good-fetch
  ---
  ::
::

::card-grid
#title
Why...?

#root
:ellipsis{left=0px width=40rem top=10rem blur=140px}

#default
  ::card{icon=heroicons:rocket-launch}
  #title
  Super Fast
  #description
  Engineered for speed and performance, it emulates the native fetch API experience with minimal size and performance impact.
  ::

  ::card{icon=fe:feather}
  #title
  Light as a Feather
  #description
  With the power of tree-shaking, you'll only get what you need... ONLY!
  ::

  ::card{icon=heroicons:sparkles}
  #title
  Agnostic
  #description
  It can run everywhere, you can even use it to work as a wrapper for something like [node-fetch](https://www.npmjs.com/package/node-fetch) or any other third-party library provides a fetch API.
  ::

  ::card{icon=heroicons:heart}
  #title
  So Native
  #description
  Mirror the functionality of the native API seamlessly—do everything here just the way you do it with the native fetch API.
  ::

  ::card{icon=mdi-light:view-dashboard}
  #title
  Extensible.
  #description
  <!-- You'll get bunch of modules to apply things like throttling, debouncing, and more to use them if needed, good to know that those modules could be used with any function... yes ANY! -->
  Empower **ANY** function with versatile modules for throttling, debouncing, and more.
  ::
  
  ::card{icon=logos:typescript-icon}
  #title
  TS Support
  #description
  I mean... who could possibly say that it's not an important thing to have?!
  ::

::

